Document arrow key naming convention and add reference to livesplit-hotkey (#138)
glide-wm/glide: site/src/content/docs/reference/config.mdx

Throughout this documentation, "Alt" refers to the Option (⌥) key on Mac keyboards.
:::

## Key naming conventions

When defining key bindings in your config file, you must use specific key names that Glide recognizes.

### Common keys

- **Arrow keys**: `ArrowLeft`, `ArrowDown`, `ArrowUp`, `ArrowRight`
- **Letter keys**: Just use the letter capitalized (e.g., `A`, `H`, `J`, `K`, `L`)
- **Number keys**: Use the number (e.g., `1`, `2`, `3`)
- **Modifiers**: `Alt`, `Ctrl`, `Shift`, `Cmd` (all must be capitalized)

### Examples

```toml
[keys]
# Using arrow keys
"Alt + ArrowLeft" = { move_focus = "left" }
"Alt + ArrowDown" = { move_focus = "down" }
"Alt + ArrowUp" = { move_focus = "up" }
"Alt + ArrowRight" = { move_focus = "right" }

# Using letter keys
"Alt + H" = { move_focus = "left" }
"Alt + J" = { move_focus = "down" }

# Multiple modifiers
"Alt + Shift + E" = "save_and_exit"
```

:::tip[Complete key name reference]

> For a comprehensive list of all supported key names, see the [livesplit-hotkey documentation](https://docs.rs/livesplit-hotkey/latest/livesplit_hotkey/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a comprehensive list of all supported key names, see the [livesplit-hotkey documentation](https://docs.rs/livesplit-hotkey/0.8.0/livesplit_hotkey/enum.KeyCode.html).
```
